Alrighty, my friends. What is up? Welcome back to another video. I have had a lot of people ask me what my favorite books are. All right, books are amazing. I get this question maybe like once a day, maybe even more books. They've changed my life. I'm sure they've changed yours. That's why you're looking for more to read, of course. So, we'll hop straight into it with my book recommendations. And now I want to I want you to keep in mind that this doesn't really have anything to do with business, but they have helped my business in more ways than one. And the reason that is is because of pattern recognition and because business you're working with other people. So understanding other people, improving yourself, gaining that self-awareness is also a business hack because you are gaining awareness of how other people live. You're diving a bit into psychology whether you know it or not, etc., etc. And where I've learned most of my business stuff is through trial and error and specific knowledge via courses. So in terms of business, I recommend courses over books. Unless you want a foundational understanding of like influence, persuasion, specific tactics, whatever it may be. But in terms of self-improvement or even spirituality, philosophy, definitely recommend books. So the very first one is the power  of now. Those that know me, you know that I talk about the power of now like all the time. And the reason behind that is because of how I came across this book. When I was younger and just getting into fitness, I was watching Matt Ogus and all of them in the like kind of golden era of fitness YouTube. And he brought up the book The Power of Now to me when he was in a contest prep. So, he's very low body weight. Uh  his his hormones and emotions are screwing with him. So he resorted to mindfulness and the power of now to help with that and he talked about how it really helped. Now how I came across this book is first year of college I was smoking weed in the top of a parking garage on campus. Long story short I ended up getting arrested for smoking on campus and I thought nothing would come of it. And when I went home for the summer to work  as a lifeguard, I got a letter in the mail from the court and and it was like, you can either go through this 12week program, pay like $5,000, or you can go to court, try to defend your case, and possibly be convicted of a felony. And so I'm like, well, this isn't good at all. Uh, I went through a couple days of just like worrying a lot, being super stressed out, didn't show my parents. It's like I I can't afford $5,000 as a college student working a part-time job over the summer. It just wasn't going to happen. And so I picked up the book, The Power of Now. Read through it, and kind of all my worries just washed away. Now, the thing with this book is that you have to be open-minded. You have to be at a specific level of development, right? The in in terms of like the pre-trans fallacy, you can't be in the pre-rational stage. Or maybe you can. You can't be in the rational stage if you're trying to absorb the teachings of this book because it's just not going to make sense to you. It's going to sound too woo woo. You you haven't had those spiritual experiences before, that direct experience to kind of open your mind to this world  and the difference between animal and human. Right? So power of now highly recommend. I also recommend a new earth which is his sequel after this. It's echartoli's sequel. So I also recommend that. Now the next one is the way of the superior man and this is by David data. It's also a spiritual book. A lot of these are philosophy spirituality which is pretty much like non-scientific psychology in a sense. It's just the things that one psychology either has discovered scientifically or has yet to discover and is just based on direct experience. So, it's kind of a way to get more information  and try things out and experience things directly for yourself rather than relying on science to give you this black and white. Yes, you should do this. No, you shouldn't do this. That's not how humans work in a sense. And now, I'm not discounting science at all, but just saying. And now, the way of the superior man, what it is is kind of like a a spiritual guide to masculinity. What masculinity is supposed to be rather than the toxic and the ego, what would you call it? the egoic the egoically driven toxic masculinity masculinity that you see nowadays. This will help you understand it on a much deeper sense and kind of that masculine feminine balance um while being able to like be in a healthy relationship as a masculine man. That's one thing that he prefaces this book with is that it won't really apply to the people  that have more of a feminine essence, right? it it applies to the people that have that masculine masculine essence and don't know how to harness it for fulfilling relationships with that masculine feminine dynamic. Now the next one is the cabalon. And now I posted I posted all of these on Tik Tok and you can easily see like what developmental stages people are in when they leave a comment because they're saying like this is some satanic You haven't read the book. You don't have that awareness. Why are you saying that? The cabalon is hermetic philosophy and it's seven principles that are broken down and it's pretty much not I think it is how reality functions right you have to read it to understand it but in essence it breaks down these seven principles of how life works from a very meta foundational perspective and it'll help you navigate the world and kind of zoom out that's why I like reading philosophy and spirituality is because it's big picture thinking right it primes your brain to zoom out and see the entire picture rather than get hyperfocused on some technical detail that isn't going to help you in any way at all. It's like a big picture strategy where then when you come back in you you have that feedback to know if you're moving in the right direction. Now the next one is the wisdom of insecurity by Alan Watts. Now some people argue that Allan Watts all of his stuff is discredited because he died an alcoholic or something when  that is in line with his teachings. He he doesn't say anything. He's a he's a bodhic sappva, right? He's still human. But the thing I love about Ellen Watts is that he serves as inspiration for my writing and just the way I want to be able to think, right? He's very poetic. What he says is art. Like his his writing, his speaking, it's it's  art and it has taken a lot of practice and that's what it is for me. While the contents of the book are absolutely amazing, the the real value that I pull from it is kind of just being aruck by how he wrote that specific thing. And that alone holds value within itself. It really does. Now, the next one, this will be the last spiritual one kind of is awareness by Anthony Dlo. JK Molina, a lot of you know him. He turned me onto this book. It's it's  great. It's an amazing book. It will help you navigate the world in a better way, a more a more calm uh collected and aware way. And it talks about gaining awareness of almost everything. Being aware of your thoughts, your actions, um other people, how they react, how you can react to them, and all of this other stuff. It's just a way to develop your spiritual well-being and just the way you navigate conversations  in a sense and become aware of certain things so you can not only overcome them but kind of dissolve these negative traits and beliefs and mindsets that you have adopted over time through cultural conditioning.  Now the next two play into each other very very well. The first one is the art of impossible step by Steven Cutotler. I don't have these books anymore because they're on my Kindle, so I can't show them to you. But The Art of Impossible is pretty much talking about uh peak performance and how to get into that peak flow state and accomplish impossible things. And from what I've read, I would assume that his definition of impossible are things that the average person would think are impossible. Like, oh, working for myself and  starting an online business and only working 2 hours a day, that's impossible. well known. You can't do that. And yes, you can. It's extremely possible. And the thing behind this and that really stuck out to me was the five drivers of flow. Believe that's what it was from him. But it's it's curiosity, passion, purpose, autonomy, and mastery. And all of these play into each other, and they also lead to each other. So curiosity, something I talk about a lot because it's  important, is the first step and will lead to these other things. And it it talks about how to uh cultivate this passion based around your interests, your curiosities, how to assign a purpose to it, how to gain autonomy or that you need autonomy in order to pursue these things fully. And then mastery is the step above that. And then the rest of it is talking about skill acquisition, creativity, all of this other stuff. But the seventh book, which is Flow by Mihi Chick Mihi, I probably butchered that  crazy ass name, but that put all of the pieces together for me. If you read all of these books in this succession, you would make incredible connections when you read Flow afterwards. It's pretty much his life's work was dissecting the psychology of flow, the flow state, and other ancient teachers and spiritual gurus. Some called it a degree of flow state. The present moment, the now, no mind, all of this stuff. It's it's degree of this flow state. And the one main lesson that stuck out to me in flow was the concept of psychic entropy and the concept of consciousness, which is kind of like a storage of your experiences in your mind, right? Because the human brain or humans as a whole can process 126 bits of information per second throughout their entire lifetime. They can process 185 billion units of information or bits of information. Now if you take this 185 billion bits and and that's what you can process and part of that  is what is stored in your consciousness as memory or direct experience or the things you have awareness of. Right? I can bring back the analogy of a map where uh in a video game there's a map. If you're in this specific location, you it's it's bright on the map and you have awareness of everything that's within it, right? And then if you venture into the unknown or the darkness and you shine the light of awareness on that map, then it opens up. But it also gets stored in your consciousness, right? Or in your head and you can pull from that experience. And now this 185 billion bits of information is your potential as a human being. Right? The depth of information that you store in this 185 billion bits is your it it matches your potential or your experience level in a game, right? Because if if you're just going through the motions of life and you're experiencing this very shallow and average existence and you aren't making connections or diving deeper into specific areas of life where more connections are made that many people haven't discovered before in their life by doing and acting and building businesses and uh like getting fit in the gym, you start to operate at a much higher level and life becomes much more meaningful and fulfilling. And that is the main topic and lesson of the book. So those are the seven books. I have many more that I could give. So if you like this style of video and you want more book recommendations, let's try I don't know what the average number of likes I get. Let's try to get to 100 likes. 100 likes, not that much. If I can get to 100 likes, I'll make a part two of this. Leave a comment as well letting me know what your favorite books are and if there are any that I left out or just if you want to know more. Then of course, as always, Discord newsletter, private community link in the description. And with that, I will see you in the next