Attention. Isn't the new currency information is because that's all humans really do. We process information with our senses and then we store it and we use that information to create or destroy. I'd like to believe that the unconscious evolution aligned intent behind modern technology, mainly social media, is to give us the information that we wouldn't normally have access to, thus increasing our potential in life. Information leads to awareness of opportunity. Awareness of opportunity leads to profitable ideas. Profitable ideas lead to positive behavior change. Now, manipulation of information can lead to things like death, destruction, scams and other things like that. But we're here to talk about something different. We're here to talk about the good sides of information and how you can use information to create a better life for yourself. We live in the age of information. We don't live in the industrial age or something like that. We live in a great time because there is an abundance of ideas and just a ton of opportunities for things that we can pursue. But on the other side, there is an overwhelm of the same things and overwhelm of information. And so I want you to understand one thing, and that is everything is information. Our genetic code is information. The light we see is information. The words on the screen, we read as clearly information. But anything that we sense is information that we use as humans to either correct our behavior or change our behavior. If we touch fire and it's hot. That's information to take your hand away from the fire. Everything is information that we process, understand or don't understand or misunderstand and then use to move better in the world. So it only makes sense that with better knowledge and better understanding and clarity of information that we will make better decisions as human beings that lead to a life that we potentially love. Everyone has the same big goal that they're trying to achieve, and that goal is to increase the quality of your human experience as much as possible. That's what we're trying to do. If you're on social media, you're trying to get a good feeling, maybe even a bad feeling, just so you feel something. Our thoughts, emotions and actions, which are all forms of information, dictate our human experience. And that experience is information in the form of feedback. So it's just a constant information loop that we are going through. And so we're going to be talking about this in the next video when we talk about how life is a video game. But we've also talked about it a few times before and that is that the mind tends toward disorder because it is a system systems, they tend toward disorder because of entropy. And in order to maintain order in our minds, we need to consume or receive structured and ordered information that we understand, because this is what happens. Maybe we can't group everything into this phenomenon, but people hate what they don't understand, and that's exactly it. It's not their mind isn't ordered because they don't understand the information. They are missing a side of the argument. And we're speaking in terms of like communication here, spoken or written language, because there is content and there is consciousness. So consciousness is our senses and or the sensory field that we have available to us. And the content is what we can kind of interact with and receive information from to understand. And so the structure of that content dictates the structure of our consciousness or orders our consciousness to the point of just feeling good. And so it's just a fact that anyone can observe that most people use online information as a way to distract themselves through argument, mainstream news, or just flavor of the day drama. And then there's another group of people, a second group of people that realize that this is a trap because they observe. Maybe they understand that it's leading them down the wrong path and they eventually become curious of what the other path looks like, what it looks like to go in the opposite direction and find good information that they can build their life with. And so if you haven't already guessed by what we talk about in these videos is we're going to be talking about information products and how to create a good one because you have $100,000 in your head. So we just talked about two groups, the distracted and the curious, but there's one other group that is interesting. They are the ones that are trapped in the negative cycle of consuming content that tells them that new information is bad. And when I say new information, I mean things like courses, right? Courses. We all know that some get a bad rap. Many people that take courses know that there are incredible ones out there that can genuinely change your life. Right. Because the thing is, is that that there's two different ways or modalities of education in this age. There is the formal education system which will train you into the employment system that it is directly tied with. And then there is the creator economy. So people putting out free information online after they forge a new path in this world and they teach you how to do it yourself. So if you want in a career of independence and doing your own thing, you're probably you may or may not find that in the formal education route, and especially not for free online. If you can think critically and you can find a good person worth investing in for a course that teaches you what they do or what they've discovered as a better way of doing things, or maybe a new career path that has been created because of the Internet, then that could be a very good route to go. And I believe that those are the modes of education that are going to teach you how to do your own thing rather than how to do someone else's thing. So my whole point with this is that, one, if you have a negative connotation around courses or coaching or just information products in general, one, I would encourage you to go into this video with an open mind. But at the same time, if you're stuck in that mental trap, then don't watch the video, right? I don't want people. It doesn't make sense that you would write off an epoch of existence, the age of information, just because you had one bad experience with a sleazy marketer or some sleazy snake oil salesman. Right. Liver king comes to mind here, even though he's not selling courses. But that's for another time. And I don't like getting involved in, like, the whole drama stuff. So to the people that are still here, I want to tell you that you have $100,000 worth of information sitting in your head. You may not, right now, but some of you do. And so in this video, I want to propose a system for you being able to package up this information in a valuable way that can genuinely help other people a way to use information for good while opening up the potential for more opportunities with other people to profit from, to make a living from and I don't really I don't think to me there's not really a better business model. Right. It sounds weird because the information business is so new, but we just talked about how everything is information and how the only goal that people want to achieve is a higher quality of life, a higher quality of human experience. And it's not like you have to go and build a mega corporation in order to achieve that experience. That's all we want. If we were at peace and we were living perfect lives, then we wouldn't want more and more and more. So if we can get more people to the self, actual, self-actualized and self transcended stage of Maslow's hierarchy of needs, we'd be in a lot better spot because it's like information allows people to do more things. If I had the right information, I could go and build whatever I want to build, right? But someone has to build it before me and teach me how to do it or I have to do it myself. But if I'm busy doing my own thing, then I'm going to have to go to someone else for that information. Am I saying everyone's going to do this? No. Am I saying that you can? Yes, because there is a small fraction of the human population watching this video and there's even an even smaller fraction of people that are actually interested in this stuff. And just for a bit of credibility, I want to give a Cliff Notes version of my back story. I've talked about it before and I'll have to come back and create a better video of my entire story. But in a nutshell, I tried so many different things. I tried a bunch of different business models. I failed at them because I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't have the compounded knowledge and experience to actually make it work. I lost a bunch of money trying to make those businesses work. I ended up getting a job as a web designer, and then I took what I learned there and what I had previously experienced through my failures and started freelancing with web design and funnels. And then three years ago is when I started my creative journey on Twitter of all places and so on. Twitter, I began to kind of pivot my freelance service. I created my first info product, and then I ended up creating three info products within a year. And then at this point, I also pivoted my freelance service to be more consulting for creators. So rather than web design and funnels for service businesses, it was funnel consulting or just like marketing offer creation and consulting for service based creators. And so then in the second year I was profitable with all of these thankfully, and I was growing on social media and I decided I wanted to start a community Modern Mastery, many of you know of it, but I bundled up the courses that I had already created and I put them inside there as bonuses and as like a launch thing. This is a very important point. So now finally, in my third year, I created after a long story of losing my phone after a night, getting drunk and driving back home in the car. I had a bunch of ideas and I ended up recreating my entire offer. STACK So now it's Modern Mastery, two hour writer, course, a cohort, and that's it. And then the lead magnet. So seven days to genius ideas is my note taking system that's valuable. And so there's two lessons here, right? Is that one I feel pretty fucking qualified to talk about and teach about this stuff I've made six figures in my first year with info products and then I've made it with consulting, I've made it with freelancing, I've made it with almost every I've made six figures with almost every online business offer there is done for you, done with you, do it yourself. Info products, consulting, coaching, freelancing. All of the above. And so the second point is where a lot of people kind of go wrong, where they feel like they shouldn't build at the start or until they build an audience when I'm a proponent of building immediately because I learned this through experience where every single product I built, even the two that just failed miserably and I stopped selling like a week after starting to sell them is that I was able that had ordered information that I could use elsewhere. I got bad ideas out of my head. Not bad as in like bad, but like bad as in un validated. And they just didn't resonate with people. I got those out of my head and I was able to build on top of them. It was like clearing my mind and freeing new way to build on top of that and understand things deeper. Because the three info products that I created the first year and I didn't see going anywhere, I didn't just get rid of them. Right, because there's still value there. There was still a lot of value. So I packaged them up and I created a new offer out of it. And now Modern Mastery has been going for two years strong. So in essence, your first product that we're going to be talking about building, it's going to suck. You just have to get it out and you have to iterate and build on top of it. There's a quote from Nouvel where it's like, it's not 10000 hours, it's 10,000 iterations. So you just have to build, build, build, build, build. Now let's talk about how to extract the value that you have stuck in your brain. Brand is what you do. Product is how you do it. Marketing is why you do it. Do something that improves your quality of life, teach others how you did it, and show them why they should care. So in previous videos we talked about the one person business model, the rise of the value creator, and then a few others revolving around business. Now those did pretty well. I feel like most of you are here because of those videos, and so that's why I'm making this one and that's why I'm going to be making more to Dove deeper into certain aspects of those letters, to give you a holistic view on this whole one person, business model or creator thing from my lens, because I feel like I have a unique way of going about it that makes it easier for people to actually start and take action and not worry so much about having X amount of experience. So in this video I want to talk about how you can ideate the perfect product while doing what you enjoy in life, or just improving yourself in general, improving your life. So if your personal brand revolves around what you do, then your product revolves around how you do it. And so with branding a brand, it has a goal. It has something that you're leading people towards, right? And so your brand in this case is what you are doing on a daily basis that is going to get you towards that goal. And now how you do it is the system, method or process that you used to get better results for yourself or something that you built for yourself to do what you do better. And this comes from experience and experimentation. So I sold a how to freelance for web designer product because I made six figures about freelancing with web design, right? And so that only made sense that I knew how to do that. I had my own specific processes for landing clients, for onboarding those clients, for doing the project management for those clients. And it would make sense for me to put that in the course to help other people do it better. And so Modern Mastery, I built the community as if it were something that I would have used when I was at the start of my journey. So I turned like a part of it into having daily reminders to knock out your priority tasks at a strategy library. We've done like habit challenges and other things like that, and so now I also sell a writing product because what I do in order to clear my mind, have a better future for myself, unlock more career opportunities as I write every single morning, not only to grow on social media, but to network with other people and to just journal. And I had built a 500,000 plus audience across different social media platforms with a two hour writing habit a day and so when I was building that audience, I was creating newsletters, I was writing tweets, I was creating Instagram posts, and I had learned a lot of things that I was directly applying to what I'm doing. So I had a better way of doing it. So the how I do it is different from other people's because I had my own specific templates for I created my own specific templates for writing my newsletters, for writing my tweets and making it easier on myself so I could systemize those things and do them better. And so in the case of something else like fitness, there's people that sell minimalist training programs and are just raking in the cash because if they aren't super into fitness like a bodybuilder and they don't want to train five, six, seven days a week, instead they want to train two days a week. So they do their research, they experiment, and they create a training program that gets them results. It would only make sense that they help other people do that, other people that are like them because you are the niece. And so helping those other people with the system you created, like being in the gym for 2 hours a week and still getting these kinds of results, that's unique. And the marketing is laid out for you already. Just because you're doing it in a way that you like, you'd be able to market it towards yourself. You'd be able to give people the why, because marketing is why you do it. And so the why behind like a minimalist training program would be I only have 2 hours a week to train in the gym. I still want to be fit, I still want to be healthy. I still want to work on my business, right? The marketing plays itself out for a person that is very similar to you. So in summary, everyone that has productize themselves has done three things. One, they improve their quality of life through personal and professional development. Two, they learn necessary skills and interests along the way to increase their quality of life. Three, They started posting online regardless of how basic they thought their information was. So here are three questions that you can ask yourself to brainstorm a profitable product idea. So one is what is the highlight of your day? Is it writing? Is a yoga? Is it going to the gym? What is seamless for you to do and learn about right? Or What do you do for work? Is there something that you are very good at that you'd be able to teach other people? Is there something that you have done that you may not think is impressive, but like you're the only one that thinks that is impressive or you're so like immersed in a specific community of people that have done that same thing that you think is just normal in that everyone has done that. And so a question about that. The second one, which is what do you do better than your peers or what do you do better than most people is just that. And the way you can kind of test this is by how you justify you doing that. Like Chris Bromstad, who's a mr. Olympia competitor, he mentioned one time that he had to give up the normal life so he could stay home and cook healthy meals or not go out and drink and be tempted by junk food because he had a mission or a goal that he was so dead set on achieving with a specific skill set of his that his friends didn't get it. But he knew that it was going to lead to something great. So if there is something like that in your life that you are genuinely obsessed with, why would you not turn it into something that you can help other people do that are like you? So the third way to brainstorm a product idea is to look at who you follow and what they sell. Because I'm assuming that you follow people that you're interested in following, right? You're learning something from some people. If you're watching this video, you're more on like I get on social media to be educated rather than entertained mainly. And so I guarantee that there are people selling something, right? So if you like self-improvement and you like online business and you want to do something like that, then go and deconstruct my landing pages, go look at my emails, go look at all the things that I'm doing and deconstruct it and figure out how you can reverse engineer and kind of emulate that. And it goes for anything. If you are very big into fitness and you follow a lot of fitness people, what are they all doing that allows them to do that full time? And so the bonus number for for those who haven't started, if you haven't started, you have to be decisive. Pick a path that slightly interests you and just start because that will get you to the point of knowing so much faster than procrastinating. Like it doesn't matter if you don't know what you're doing, it doesn't matter anything. Just continuously learn and build according to what you're learning. Watch the last video on how I remember everything. I learn to understand that more. So here's a graphic as we always do at the top, we have knowledge and experience a.k.a information or valuable information in this case. Right. That you attain through the journey of self-actualization isn't it isn't once you self-actualize, it's along the way and documenting your journey. And then from that you break it down into your brand, your product, and your marketing with what you do, how you do it, why you do it. And then that equals a one person business or self. Monetization is just a way of framing your knowledge and experiences online in the form of brand product content with consistent effort to put your name out there and build your own public resume. That's what matters. And so I want to reiterate in what I talk about. I'm not talking about B2B info products, I'm not talking about business to business. I'm talking about product sizing yourself, treating yourself as the niche, writing to yourself, building to yourself and monetizing that way. And now a lot of traditional marketers don't like that approach. And I can tell you, just from my results alone and the people, the big players that reach out to me asking how to do the same, that it doesn't have to be as complicated as the copywriters and marketers and salesmen make it seem, because I've done all of that, I've done all of that, and it's always sounds weird to say it this way, but I'm making ten times more that than I was by trying to follow the copy and sales hacks out there. Just being authentic with that skillset, like still using that skillset to create compelling social media posts and sales pages. That's good. But from an authentic lens and talking to a target customer that I know well. And so one crucial point here is that when you are building, it has to be done in public, you have to be posting, you have to be building, you have to be publishing, you have to be launching because you need data. We're talking about giving out valuable information here and you need data to know if the information is valuable or not because starving artists, it's in the name. Starving artists like to create what they think is valuable and they get attached to their version of value. And then they wonder like, okay, why am I not selling anything? This this painting is beautiful. And like, nothing against that. If you want to do it as a hobby, that's great. But if you want to do it as a full time thing, then you're going to have to play a back and forth game with the market. Because again, like another big good reason behind this is that you're trying to improve people's lives, right? That's a good reason behind this. You're trying to improve people's lives. And if you're putting out these things that people aren't buying and they're not going through and they're not reading and you can't hold their attention, is it really valuable? Like if it's not getting results, then you're just going to have a bad time. So you have to iterate and pivot. So let's dove in and let's break this all down into seven steps. On how to create a profitable information product with the knowledge in your head. The first one, which is a given but it needs to be stated, is to become above average intellect, skills or interests. Motivation gets you into this game. Learning is what helps you continue to play. Creativity is how you steer. Flow is how you turbo boost the results beyond all rational standards and reasonable expectations. Stephen Cutler So we've discussed this many times before and I feel like many of you are already studying and learning and practicing skills or interests. And so here's something that just most people don't want to hear. If you aren't getting results or you aren't making money or you've been putting in effort for a long time, it's still a skill problem. It's because you aren't skilled enough. You haven't put in enough time in the right direction with getting the right data and iterating to the point of knowing what actually gets results with that skill. Because someone asked me on social media the other day like, Hey, why I've been doing everything that the social media growth people say to do. I've been doing all the fundamentals, but why am I not growing? And it's because it's a skill problem, because on social media, the common advice is like comment on big accounts, dumb people and things like that. But if you aren't seeing results, it's usually because you aren't seeing the missing piece in the skill set that's going to make it work. Is it you're messaging like if you're not very good at speaking English, is that your English? Do you need to touch up on that? Like another weird thing is like on Twitter, like do you put a space before your punctuate when writing write like how people sometimes write like a question mark with a space before it. And I know that's like a common thing for a lot of people, but when you're doing it in a professional manner online and trying to make an income from it, it's just not going to cut it. You have to have like good grammar. And so that's those are just a few examples, but there may be something that you are missing in the skill that is preventing you from getting results. So step number two is to build something with those skills every single day. So we talked about this in the last video, so I'll keep this brief, but you learn more when you build and learn to apply to what you're building, and then you teach to fill in the knowledge gaps or identify the knowledge gaps you have and fill that fill in the blanks with learning. And so if you're learning marketing, then build a brand or practice on a portfolio piece or just practice for do a permanent permissionless apprenticeship where you create something, let's say like a website for your favorite brand, you can send it to him, sure, but you can also just do it for practice. Now, of course, my favorite way of doing this as a personal brand, because you can create your own website, you can write your own content, you can create your own email list, you can write your own emails, you can design your own profile picture, design your own banner. There is a plethora of the most high value skills that you can learn and apply to a personal brand. So number three is document your learnings, findings or results. So my favorite way to think of this is to just think of social media as a public note taking software, a public journal in a public school. Because when I'm creating these or when I'm writing a newsletter or something like that, I have everything on Twitter, right? I can do Twitter advanced search and I can just look up the word valuable from any of my tweets, and then I just have stuff to go off of. So it's a note taking system, it's a journal, because I can put my thoughts, my relatable thoughts and worries and ideas and other things like that. And it's just good to practice writing. Okay. Now, step number four is very important, and that is to experiment for holistic understanding. And so I've always loved doing things my own way and my own way is implementing the best teachings from various sources until I have a better way of doing it or a unique way of doing it. So fitness being an example is that I used someone's initial program like strong lifts five by five to get into the gym and start lifting. But then I studied someone like Greg Gallagher, who only trains 2 to 3 days a week, very different training style. And then I tried Wendler 531, which is powerlifting, and then I've tried like super high volume bodybuilding splits. And with that I have so much different data and I understand that there are billions of different ways to go about getting one specific result and that if I can find a way that I genuinely enjoy doing myself, create my own program for me, I could go and package that up and sell it to someone else. I could probably plug it in this video and make a decent income. Maybe if I like took off my shirt and marketed myself and like my fitness stuff a bit more I could because I'm a personal brand. That's why I like them so much is that they're so dynamic, right? I don't have to stick to a specific niche if I don't want to, as long as I make my interests interesting to you. And so the same thing goes with diet. It's like I've tried if it fits your macros, I've tried ancestral stuff, I've tried veganism, I've tried keto, and from those I get something new every single time, right? So me trying Greg do sets diet where it's low calorie dense foods. I really enjoyed his anabolic French toast, so I eat that quite a bit. But on the ancestral side of things, it's like while I know that all liver is very nutrient dense, so I'm going to incorporate that somehow. And the same thing with like ground beef and eggs and other things. And I gain this big picture understanding that allows me to create ten times more valuable information than the people that are just trapped in one ideology. The future belongs to those that can deliver holistic, nuanced, but yet interesting information to other people that is valuable in this upcoming century. And so this is the way of the synthesizer or it is the career path, as we talked about, for self improvers or polymaths. It's a way to study all angles of one of your specific interests or multiple interests and talk about your findings, the things that are valuable there, the signal among the noise. So I like to think of creators as ideas or idea junkies because deejays or disc junkies, Z junkies or jockeys, I think it's junkies. Disc junkies. They do exactly what creators do. But with music. So electro EDM or electronic dance music is something that's relatively new, but new genres and subgenres are being created every single week. Like there are just so many. And you don't find that in like traditional music. This is what technology has opened for human beings, is the ability to be infinitely creative, because in regular music you have like jazz, R&B, country, rock and roll, other things like that. But then in EDM or electronic dance music, you have like rhythm zaps step, dubstep, grime step. Like all of these different things which are slightly different from each other. They're just minor distinctions between the two, but that's how people separate themselves from the crowd. That's how people stand out because they have the technology to do so. You have the information available to you to become an idea junkie and synthesize an entire philosophy of your own into Internet content. So ideas are the sounds, and then when you mix them together, the content are the songs. So create your mix, play it loud, and attract an audience. So step number five is to iterate on your process for efficiency and results. So once you have once you've been doing this right, you've been pursuing your goals for a better life, you've encountered problems, you're learning the skills to overcome them like you want to make more money. So you learn marketing and you start freelancing or restart an agency or start a personal brand and you get results. You usually have the information to create your own process for replicating those results, right? If I want to be productive every single morning, then I need to sit down and I need to write down my three priority tasks and I need to remind myself of my vision for my future. I need to close all my browser tabs and other things in business. These are called SOPs or standard operating procedures. So you are going to write down steps of how you get to a specific result, and then you're going to follow that and you're going to encounter problems and you're going to be like, Oh, that could be a bit different. And then you're going to change that and make it better until it is valuable enough to offer in a product and create a curriculum around. So I had an sop for creating websites for my clients or myself. I just created steps and I turned it into a course and I filmed videos going over those steps and talking about the nuances in to our writer. My course, I created a system that allowed me to write newsletters that are arguably more deep and thought provoking than a are. A lot are in the creative space, right? And so that's different, that's valuable. And people want to learn that. And so I packaged it up, I put my system in motion and I built a curriculum around it, and now I can sell that. And it gets people similar results. And so if you download any of my products, even my free products, you can see this, right? Deconstruct the landing pages, like go to the power planner, see what I promise and see the system that I created and turned into a planner for seven days to genius. These are free. That's how I have creative ideas through note taking and I created my own system from that right. You can use other people's systems as inspiration. I use smart notes in central casting in order to create what I call value notes. And now I'm creating an entire software around that system that I can sell. So step number six is to steal marketing and structure that already works. Sell what's already selling. This is the best single piece of counterintuitive advice I've ever received in my career. I created the two hour writer because I knew how profitable the writing niche was in my little corner of Twitter. People I knew people that were banking like two $3 million a year from just running a cohort on basic writing. They weren't promising any kind of money, like it wasn't a make money online product, it wasn't anything fancy. It was just learn how to write. They had a good, compelling copy in the sales page, but they were pulling like 2 to 3 million. And so I'm like, I write every single day, I'm going to get in on this. And on Black Friday, I did $130,000 in sales in three days. And so even with this to to make it easier on myself, when I went to go and create a writing product, I would go throughout their funnels, their emails and their landing pages, and I would take things like the headlines, the burning problems that they talk about, the offer and the curriculum structure, the guarantee benefits, ethics and the rest, the positioning like them not being how to make money online with writing. And so that's just inspiration. That is so much information at my fingertips for me to replicate. Clearly not just copy and paste because I have my own way of doing it and I have to articulate that. But the structure and the why behind why that works. And so my first product was an e-book on how to freelance with web development, and I created it because I knew it would sell. I had personal he bought a freelancing product before. I knew that as a developer that I was that I loved buying courses. I could not stop buying courses. It didn't matter if it was the same topic over and over again. And so that is how I learned that buyers buy again. So if I simply put a freelancing product for web developers in front of web developers and it was good, I knew that I was going to make at least some form of an income from it, and then I can iterate and make it better from there and make more. And I also knew that most web developers were buying the courses on like course platforms like Udemy. So if I wanted to pull in an actual sustainable income, I knew that I would have to create a personal brand and sell to my audience because then I wouldn't have to deal with that entire competition. Then I have a personal monopoly, which we're going to talk in two videos from now, but that's pretty much it. So step number seven is to build distribution and systemize promotions. So there are a lot of moving pieces and business brand is one of them. But you don't have to change that too much once you have like your brand, it's pretty much solidified product. Yeah, you're going to update it and you're going to change it and you're going to iterate a few times. But it's going to be like few and far between compared to content and promotions. So content is for building distribution, an audience, an email list, a community if you feel like it. And then marketing is distributing your product through promotions. So plugging in your social post, promoting in your newsletter, changing up the angle and the messaging and the only way you're going to succeed in this great online game is through testing, persistence and iteration, right? With promotions, it's kind of obvious you put out a promotion, let's say just one time you choose a specific angle. So for writing, I'm like, Here's a skill you can learn in your free time, crappy angle, but whatever. And let's say it sells X amount or it sells nothing. And if it sells nothing, then I need to dig deeper into that. Then I look okay. How many clicks did that get? How many actually got to the landing page? What tweet was out on, or what was I talking about that day? And then you can slowly start to change things up day after, day after day after day until you hit this angle that just sells really well, and then you're moving in the right direction. Then you take that and you make a spin off of it because content and promotions is about saying one validated valuable thing 1000 different ways from 1000 different angles. And so this is why it's a game of time. And consistency is because the first year is just you're going to hit wall after wall after while you're going to fail, fail, fail unless you have prior experience. But in 1 to 3 years and after testing and iterating so many different times and just having it solidified in your head of what is validated, what is valuable, and what are the best content and promotion angles that you can go for. Then that's just like exponential growth at that point because you're consistently putting out top notch content and promotions. So you learn to harness the power of self-awareness and intuition. So the caveat here is that you have to start writing, building and promoting and if you're anxious or fearful about this, you have to remember that the unknown becomes known with time. If you it's not really like this, but if you threw yourself into the middle of the ocean and didn't really know how to swim, if you're able to breathe and live, you'd eventually learn how to swim. Write that example, but you get the point. And so you'll have to lean into it at some point, and it might as well be now. An autonomous, profitable and fulfilling future awaits my friends. And that is the end of the video. I hope you like the new mike. I hope it actually sounds good. I knew that some of you were talking about the audio quality, so we stepped it up. I hope it sounds good, but either way, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did like subscribe or leave a comment, it really helps with the algorithm, even if it's just like leaving a comment or I like the mic sounds good or something like that really helps. And then if you want to check out the free products, there are seven days to genius the power planner in the description. And then we talked about my products, this entire video. So check them out if you like. But with that, I'll see you in the next video piece.